Then you finally came, do you think the world will be
Don't panic, do you have his stuff on you?
On you
I have his marriage certificate
give
Okay, I'll go find him.
You don't even know where he is, how are you going to find him?
Don't worry, I have my own way to show you something good.
Hold it for me
Why don't you go to the police station first?
Didn't you promise my father would die?
Why was he still cured by Chen Hao?
That bastard Chen Hao again
Bad my good deeds twice
But Mr. Lin, please rest assured.
What if he broke?
The people from Ghost King Sect have sent the shadow killer over
This time, Lin
There is absolutely no chance of that kid Howe surviving
I'll kill your father for you after we're done
Isn't the Di Group still yours?
Okay, I'll believe you again.
This time if you
Hello
What!
Yingzi killer lost contact